cloud: optimize quick start (#14017)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md

*Estimated completion time: 20 minutes*

> This tutorial will guide you through an easy way to get started with TiDB Cloud. You can also follow the step-by-step tutorials on the [**Getting Started**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/getting-started) page in the TiDB Cloud console.

Reviewer: For the tense of "guide", I'd prefer the original version, considering the common style. 🤔
```suggestion
This tutorial guides you through an easy way to get started with TiDB Cloud. You can also follow the step-by-step tutorials on the [**Getting Started**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/getting-started) page in the TiDB Cloud console.
```

Additionally, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=tidb_cloud_quick_start).

## Step 1: Create a TiDB cluster

[TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless-beta) (Beta) is the best way to get started with TiDB Cloud. To create a TiDB Serverless cluster, follow these steps:

> 1. If you don't have a TiDB Cloud account, click [here](https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial) to sign up.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If you do not have a TiDB Cloud account, click [here](https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial) to sign up.
```

> 1. If you don't have a TiDB Cloud account, click [here](https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial) to sign up.

Reviewer: Ditto

    You can sign up with your email and password to manage your password using TiDB Cloud, or choose to sign in with your Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account for single sign-on (SSO) to TiDB Cloud.

2. [Log in](https://tidbcloud.com/) to your TiDB Cloud account.

>     The [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page will be displayed by default.

Author: ```suggestion
    The [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page is displayed by default.
```

>     The [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page will be displayed by default.

Reviewer: Ditto

## Step 2: Try AI-powered Chat2Query (beta)

TiDB Cloud is powered by AI. You can use Chat2Query (beta), an AI-powered SQL editor in the TiDB Cloud console, to maximize the value of your data.

In Chat2Query, you can either simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI automatically generate SQL queries, or write SQL queries manually and run them against databases without using a terminal.

1. On the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, click on a cluster name to go to its overview page, and then click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane.

2. To try the AI capacity of TiDB Cloud, follow the on-screen instructions to allow PingCAP and OpenAI to use your code snippets for research and service improvement, and then click **Save and Get Started**.

3. In the editor, you can either simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI automatically generate SQL queries, or write SQL queries manually.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > SQL queries generated by AI are not 100% accurate and may still require further tweaking.

Author: ```suggestion
    > SQL queries generated by AI are not 100% accurate and might still require further tweaking.
```

    For Windows or Linux:

    - If you have only one query in the editor, press **Ctrl + Enter** or click <svg width="1rem" height="1rem" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M6.70001 20.7756C6.01949 20.3926 6.00029 19.5259 6.00034 19.0422L6.00034 12.1205L6 5.33028C6 4.75247 6.00052 3.92317 6.38613 3.44138C6.83044 2.88625 7.62614 2.98501 7.95335 3.05489C8.05144 3.07584 8.14194 3.12086 8.22438 3.17798L19.2865 10.8426C19.2955 10.8489 19.304 10.8549 19.3126 10.8617C19.4069 10.9362 20 11.4314 20 12.1205C20 12.7913 19.438 13.2784 19.3212 13.3725C19.307 13.3839 19.2983 13.3902 19.2831 13.4002C18.8096 13.7133 8.57995 20.4771 8.10002 20.7756C7.60871 21.0812 7.22013 21.0683 6.70001 20.7756Z" fill="currentColor"></path></svg>**Run** to execute it.

    - If you have multiple queries in the editor, select the lines of the target queries with your cursor, and then press **Ctrl + Enter** or click **Run** to execute them sequentially.

    - To run all queries in the editor sequentially, press **Shift + Ctrl + Enter**, or select the lines of all queries with your cursor and click **Run**.

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

> After running the queries, you will immediately see the query logs and results at the bottom of the page.

Author: ```suggestion
After running the queries, you can immediately see the query logs and results at the bottom of the page.
```

## Step 3: Try interactive tutorials

TiDB Cloud offers interactive tutorials with carefully crafted sample datasets to help you quickly get started with TiDB Cloud. You can try these tutorials to learn how to use TiDB Cloud for high-performance data analytics.

1. Click on the **?** icon in the lower-right corner of the console and select **Interactive Tutorials**.
2. In the tutorials list, select a tutorial card to start, such as **Steam Game Stats**.

> 3. Choose a TiDB Serverless cluster that you want to use for the tutorial, and click **Import Dataset**. The import process may take approximately one minute.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Choose a TiDB Serverless cluster that you want to use for the tutorial, and click **Import Dataset**. The import process might take approximately one minute.
```
